dreams really insane. I was in a cluster of dimly lit Taiwanese classrooms -- blackboards, dark wood furniture -- roaming the halls and socializing. At one point I got together with a white girl from my high school and started dancing -- out of the halls and into a brightly lit interior, those usual ambiguous spaces that could either be a hotel lobby or a shopping mall. The clerk at the desk in the center looked at us bewildered as we danced in circles around the hall, more gracefully than I've ever moved in real life, as smoothly as if we were on figure skates. When we settled back down I held her shoulder but avoided her eyes, struggling to find a way to express that this was no romance, just a rush. 

Later, I was walking along a path in suburbia, along concrete riverbeds and chain-link fences that had caught bits of plastic trash around the base. I was bored of the world I had left behind, on the search for something new. Eventually I emerged into a park, covered with dry grass and strewn with industrial waste. A band of Asian men greeted me in Korean as I entered, and as I walked on I saw groups of Chinese people huddled on a makeshift shelter they'd constructed out of shipping pallets and wood and plastic tarp. They looked like vagrants, dark and wrinkled faces, dirty clothes, unkempt hair. Eventually one of them led me to a cave on the other side of the clearing, where people spoke to me in Chinese and asked me to relay their thanks to my father, Dr. Pan. The cave was a tunnel, and at the other end it opened up into a large brightly lit cavern, where they were holding a Buddhist ceremony! The air was filled with constant music and monks drifted around holding candles, and the ceremony involved a towering wooden scaffold structure that they had built in the center of the cave. We were to ascend the structure, where monks and nuns handed us flowers and tealights at various points. A constant stream of water trickled from above across the beams. We were to hold the objects in specific ways, face the giant Buddha at the end of the cave, go down strange tiered slides with a flame in our palms as the water splashed around our feet. All the while the monks were chanting.