---
---
In last night’s dream I was in an Asian shopping mall that looked to be from the 80s. One of the floors was three stories tall, a wide cavernous area with objects displayed on booths and advertisements hanging from the ceiling. At the far end of the room was a tiered display shaft that held the best items, a series of mezzanines connected by ramps and stairways. There were strange Japanese sneakers and gundam models and other objects of fantasy. We went up it and when we reached the top a group of scrawny men in uniform at the desk asked us, bewildered, for the fee. "Didn't you see the sign at the bottom that asked for an entrance fee of two dollars? No one has entered that thing for years.”

Later, I was at a sprawling resort and convention center ambiguously located at some tropical location. Clean whitewashed walls, warmly lit rooms, ocean air. I was one of many young people all dressed formally, in Western suits or school uniforms. While attending a lecture in a huge lecture hall I felt someone behind me stealing something from my backpack and I turned around and it was a beautiful ethnically ambiguous girl with pale skin and shaved hair. An altercation started there and eventually we brought it to her hotel room, where she told me she’d stolen things from countless other men and I continually beat her in the head until she returned everything she’d taken from me. The hotel room shifted configurations while we were there. When I was getting up to leave she suggested that I get a new room that night, lest she slip in my window and kill me in my sleep.