---
---
My dream involved a mansion invasion game in the jungle, in which I was sent out as part of a huge crowd of people to try to get to the heart of a mansion. With me was Sanad, a high school classmate whom I hadn’t thought about in ages, a Muslim kid with a shaved head. In the dream he had the ability to manipulate images with his fingers---he showed me how to move the letters around on a CD. For the mansion invasion we were given weapons, and intuitively I thought we should enter from one of the wings through a window instead of flooding in the main entrance like everyone else was doing. Sanad did some trick with his fingers that warped the windows and let us in. We had gotten inside and were fighting people in one of the rooms when I lost track of the dream. 

There was an earlier, unrelated scene, from which my only memory was hanging on monkey bars within a sea of plastic tubes, like a ball pit but with lengths of plastic standing vertically. 

*** 

Left around four on a drive to Simi Valley. Scouted the territory: a set of hills that overlooked the highway, across from the giant smiley that graces northbound drivers, with that dismal tract of houses on the other side of the highway with no distinctive cultural or commercial center. We parked by a gate which we later found out was the entrance to [Hummingbird Nest](https://www.hummingbirdnestranch.com/), a private venue owned by a Vietnamese American blood products billionaire, [Kieu Hoang](https://www.forbes.com/profile/kieu-hoang/#3a6fae3e17b7). Then drove through Canoga Park—down and up Topanga Canyon Blvd—and decided to return to the Hummingbird Trail, scale the boulders, see the moon. We crossed the barren gulch at the foot—what looked like a dirtbike course—eventually joining the orthodox trail and the Mexican teens and families that had gathered among the rocks. Moments of that hike reminded me of *Punishment Park*: out of breath, a dull chest pain, covered in sweat, the sand and foxtail and burclover chafing against the skin, the terrain revealing the weakness of your joints. We wandered off the trail and rested on the sandstone until the sun set, then snapped a few photos and found the trail again in the remaining glow to get back to the car. 

We then drove to Alex's house, picked him up, drove aimlessly toward San Gabriel and shouted at each other about where to get food until we ended up by the Chongqing noodle shop again, its neon sign beckoning, and resigned ourselves to our fate there. By then it was around nine. We got the food and drove to a shaved ice place nearby, ordered two bowls of Taiwanese snow, and wolfed everything down in the car. 