---
---
We ate brunch; Maazin arrived around one; we climbed the mound by Westgate; accompanied Maazin to get food; and embarked on a journey to Godstow Abbey, northwest of Oxford. We gradually left university territory until there were only houses and small shops, then forsook developed area altogether, entering a wide, flat field cleft in two by a trail of people, which we joined. The field let out at the other end into a strange area of sparse woods with silver bark, the bright air visible for dozens of yards between the trees, windblown tufts of grass forming small dunes. After that was the horses, kept in a wide patch of grassland, saturated with water after the rains. We walked across, trying to avoid mud as much as we could, focused on nothing but our feet, our shoes making wet noises on the drenched grass, the constant wind against our skin, the horses feeding and shitting unfazed. I had the distinct feeling it would never end, and we would be walking in wet grass among horses forever, under the cold, grey sky. 

Eventually we reached a road again and followed it, hopping a fence to see a stone lion and then hopping back. We soon reached the Abbey, a ruined church amid a meadow. We took photos in its windows, then scaled its walls and walked along the top, the stone lined wth beautiful mosses in red and yellow and green and specked with white flowers. We then made the journey back along a different route, following a footpath built along the river, pulverized into mud by the late rains. There were long trenches of water in the fields that we passed, glistening in the vibrant silver given to them by the reflected sky. Birds would flit about the trees; we'd pass families or couples out for walks or teens gathered in aimless groups. We had walked for two or three hours by the time we were back. The sky was the same color, the air as cold as ever. 

We ate dinner at Edamame, a warmly lit Japanese shop: steaming burdock, tofu with ginger, seaweed salad arranged in delicate strands. Then we returned to the apartment and talked deep into the night, before saying my farewells. 
