---
---
In a dream last night we were in a large lofted room filled with light. There was an enormous glass window on one wall next to a bed that revealed we were in a small valley, the smooth grassy hills rolling up and away. At one point a group of people came and set up some colorful installations on vertical shafts, strange windmill devices in red and blue and yellow. Some of them walked through the window into our room to say hello. The next time I looked out the window the world was ablaze, the entire window awash with vertical streaks of white light as if thousands of fireworks had been set off at once. Eventually the building caught on fire and we called the firemen in panic and evacuated the building. 

Earlier in the night I was in a gigantic network of outdoor markets with a plate of food, piling more and more food on the plate without eating it. I was following a few other people ahead of me, who were doing the same thing. It was pitch black under the market tents, no lighting. 

***

We began the night as usual: aimless. But the radio was tuned to KCSB, and there was a girl with an exaggerated Californian accent hosting—so we decided to drive to the university and glimpse the radio room from afar. We parked in Isla Vista, walked past the row of fraternities and sororities, crossed into university territory. We scanned the usual landmarks—Storke Tower, the library—walked the second level of the Brutalist performing arts building next to the library, approached the hill by the alumni hall with the fencegrown bougainvillea. Then we followed the road to Henley Gate, took photos in front of the colorshifting diode arrays. Henry scaled the inland end and approached the center but was too much of a coward to walk on the steel that bridged the void. We then took the long way round back to the car, following the vast array of physics and engineering buildings by the coast, stopping at the firebeacon. 