---
---
We drove down to Alex's house in Altadena. They had redone the front and back yards to be waterless gardens, white landscape stones and red woodchips and Californian dorughtsafe plants. His father, we learned, had started a landscaping business with the Salvadorean man that they had hired to cut the eucalyptus cladocalyx sugargum out back. A few words by the woodchipper and they were partners in trade. We spent some time in the back yard and watched Ike roam the gardens then went in to his music studio where the familiar items greeted us: the iMac, the audio equipment, the Yamaha keyboard, the whiteboards on the wall, the soundproofing foam. He showed us the video for a new song that he had filmed, frontal shots of himself rapping in a dark shed. 

We then drove to San Gabriel and got noodles from the Chongqing noodle place and pineapple buns from the bakery next to it and drove to Silverlake Park to eat the food. Henry had projected an idealized vision of this park, lush green fields and shade trees and fresh cool water with ducks and wildlife, a place where young professionals would come to gather. Instead the lake was in a concrete basin, fenced off with barbed wire. The grass in the park had yellowed and the only trees were scattered along the edges, small enough that the people who sat under them still had to squint in the sun. We found a bench and ate our food there, then drove to a mall in Monterey Park to get boba, located in an odd plot of remnant land at the edge of the block. Henry was lovestruck by the girl at the counter, in the way it works with him—every goodlooking girl a bolt of lightning. 