---
---
It's been a solitary month and a half since my last entry---Henry in London (and in the past few days, Istanbul), Ian in Cambridge, the rest of my friends scattered across the globe. This Tuesday was the election. Biden is the likely president-elect, victorious in Michigan and Minnesota and ahead in Pennsylvania, Georgia, Nevada, and Arizona, the still contested states. Close races all. Our presidency again determined by that unjust institution, the electoral college; our choices again between two men interested only in preserving the wealth and power of the ruling class. Otherwise, not much has changed. I have stayed indoors almost exclusively, with the exception of a trip last month, on October 11, to LA. I set out in the afternoon, the sun bright, following the familiar traffic-heavy stretch out of the county. Traced Sea Cliff for the first time---RVs with Trump flags, absurd seaside mansions---then merged back and exited at Oxnard for the 1, the wide-open farmland with the occasional Mexican fruit stand eventually narrowing into the steep seaside cliffs that tower over the highway before you reach Malibu. Then the long populated sweep, which was slow going: a solitary mansion on the cliff covered in fumigation tarp, the ever-shifting rhythm of houses and wilderness, Pepperdine some point on the way, the road crowded with cars and bikers and pedestrians. Then it ends suddenly, and you enter Santa Monica, which is unpleasant driving: frequent stoplights, the streets often empty, the neighborhoods in decay. At a stoplight I notice cheerful, dystopian wheatpasted advertisements by Postmates, lying without shame in support of Prop 22. The post-apocalyptic feel that you get in most of LA. Eventually you reach the strange area next to the airport, then Torrance, where I stopped. By then the sun was about to set, and I drove along the oceanside cliff roads of Palos Verdes, likely one of the most beautiful places to drive. The mansions were ominous, filled with the sense of evil that comes with extravagant wealth, and there were groups of teens gathered on the bluffs watching the sunset. When I reached San Pedro it was dark, and I drove past the Korean Friendship Bell to see it in the darkness, tumbling up and down the steep arcs of the local hills. Then I put on a playlist of 80s mandopop, and merged on to the 110 followed by the 405 followed by the 101, a smooth, quick drive in the black night. 

But other than that day I have spent my time inside, taxed by the current projects at work, pacing in the living room and trying to find an elusive sense of purpose. I started typesetting three editions of Brunanburh together; started writing a couple essays; ordered hundreds of dollars worth of photobooks from Taiwan; made my way through the entirety of Twin Peaks; finished Steinhardt's *Chinese Architecture* and made some progress through Kostof's *History*; watched two more of Zhang Yimou's films, *The Story of Qiu Ju* and *Shanghai Triad*; watched *The Insider* again which I'd forgotten I'd seen before; listened to a few episodes of *One Heat Minute*; watched a few hours of Cahill's final lecture series, *A Pure and Remote View*. I bought all of Teju Cole's books and started and finished *Known and Strange Things* and *Every Day Is for the Thief* in the past four days, a good source of solace, just as he was wrapping up his latest work in progress on Instagram, *Counter*. Reading someone's old work while following them on social media is always a strange experience: convening with the same person at different points in their life.
  