---
---
In the morning, we walked through University Park and toured Lady Margaret Hall, which is built in a style reminiscent of the American South. We saw a woman gardening, who asked us the time. 

We then visited the Pitt Rivers Museum, a museum of archaeology and anthropology: three floors of objects sorted into types and displayed in a dense array of glass cases. Each case is labeled—"featherwork", "shadow puppets", "knuckledusters and wrist knives", "methods of making fire"—and contains objects from different peoples and historical periods, often displayed with the original labels attached. This method of curation seemed to me more honest. It casts the provenance and purpose of each object into doubt: taken by some European anthropologist in the nineteenth century, perhaps with bloodshed, perhaps with guile, perhaps mislabeled; then thrown into the vast sea of objects of equally uncertain origin. There is no attempt at a "neutral" tone, no attempt to gather and represent the many facets of a particular civilization. It makes it clear that the obsession is with the objects themselves: with their widespread and continuous plunder. 

For lunch, Daniel, Will, Henry, and I met with Daniel F ("one of the most Oxford men you'll meet", vivid Drake's outfits) at a Thai restaurant in the covered market. After lunch, we walked around Christ Church, then Daniel took us around New College, which he attends. It is a grand college: old medieval buildings, high ramparts, ancient-looking black steel benches, a beautiful cloister with strange sculptures of men. We then walked back to University College to see the Shelley Memorial again. 

At night, we had dinner with Daniel, Will, and Travis, then walked around Worcester College. Its grounds are expansive. There were beautiful wood-paneled dorms that looked Japanese, a Scandinavian-looking modernist concert hall of light stone, a stream out back. We followed the stream, witnessed an intense conflict between a swan and a small goose (lunges, war cries, cornering, retreat!), then walked out to the outermost branches of a tree suspended over the black lake. 

When we returned to Magpie Lane, Henry and Daniel rediscovered the thrills of Runescape, driven to hysteria when a man gave them a million gold. 