---
---
We awoke before dawn to take the bus to London. Henry was to look at some bookplates in the National Archives; while he did that, Daniel and I toured the British Museum. We saw the Elgin marbles, the Sumerian lamassu, and the vast and overwhelming Byzantine and Egyptian halls. Daniel said something very correct about how those who treat the ugliness of painted restorations of Greek sculptures as a blow to conservative ideals miss the point, for the essense of conservatism is not that things of the past are better as they were, but that things become better as they age. 

We then walked over to Mayfair, where Maazin worked, to meet him and Henry for lunch at a biangbiang noodle place. Most of the patrons were Chinese: two Cantonese businessmen, a young couple from the Mainland. Maazin told us that he feels he has already exhausted his usefulness at the company, that he is already sick of London. We stopped at a Drake's store before Maazin returned to work, and marvelled at the endless rows of global luxury retail shops. 

In the afternoon, Henry and Daniel had separate interviews for the same job in Hong Kong, teaching poetry to rich schoolchildren so they can enter private schools in England. The interviewer had arranged meetings at a cafe on the top floor of a shopping mall, which had a view of a the city and a cavernous opening in the center to the lower floors. They were to be interviewed one after another, and we amused ourselves by imagining us throwing the cafe chairs one by one into the pit while the other interviewed. Daniel went first; Henry, uncertain if they would test him on his knowledge of poetry, spent the time looking up the difference between an anapest and a dactyl. 

Afterward, we walked across the Thames, toward a largely unvisited area of London. We saw a Japanese pagoda and an empty park, and ate a fulfilling dinner at a small, dimly-lit Indian restaurant before heading back. On the bus to Oxford, a man spent the entire ride watching Age of Empire gameplay videos on his phone at full volume. 

At night, Henry and I attended the language club and joined the Japanese table. It was a quiet affair, because Toshiki was the only fluent speaker. We learned how to receive an offering of *sake*.  