---
---
I spent the morning wandering town, ending up at the Ashmolean Museum: three floors of galleries, exceptionally well-labeled exhibits, beautiful Japanese robes, a good collection of Chinese ceramics. I am struck again by how thoroughly Chinese aesthetics falls apart after the Song Dynasty. 

In the afternoon, we visited Wadham College, where Henry had to see a bookplate. They had dormitories that looked Californian, like they belonged at a UC, and a library with a huge black window that loomed like a black gem over the meadow. Daniel and I found a grove in the gardens while Henry was in the library; in its center was one of the original seventeenth-century royal busts from the Sheldonian Theatre, its features weathered into a thing of nightmares. 

We decided at Wadham to take an impromptu trip to Blenheim Palace, so we took the half-hour bus ride to the edge of the grounds and wandered in. The paths are lined with elms of immense height, now barren after the toll of winter, but we could imagine how bright they were in autumn and how lush they'll be come spring. We circled out to face the palace, then walked the avenue of elms straight toward its front halls, watching the palace rise from the turf as we ascended the sloped fields. We reached the Column of Victory, took photos with the petrified duke perched on its capital, then veered off into the wilderness of the river on its western side, slowly circling out front again to cross the bridge and peer into the palace gates. We then walked to the neighboring town of Woodstock and entered The Crown, a local inn, when its restaurant opened for the evening. We ordered an indulgent dinner: delicate Italian pizzas, wine served in small glass flasks, cakes and ice cream. When we finished it was raining, and we waited for the bus under the awnings in the dark. 

Back at the apartment, we watched a mediocre Bergman film, *The Rite* (1969). 

