---
---
dream last night. I was on what looked like a school campus in LA, reminiscent of dos pueblos high -- sandcolored portable buildings, the mountains looming high behind -- except the place was a public hot springs complex, pools of hot foaming water carved in the concrete. I was there with some people I didn't know in real life. After we finished we walked among the crowds gathered beneath the wooden rafters, and then I realized I could float in the air if I lifted my legs. So I floated all the way to the ocean -- eventually leaving the developed area, into the reeds of the lagoon, and out to the shining seas. Others next to me traveled the same way -- an electrician that we know, the father of a kid from orca, was on a hoverbike traveling the other way, and we waved to each other as we passed.

dream two nights ago -- a harsh plain, surrounded by grotesque humanoid creatures with medieval weapons that forced us to feed on a mysterious fruit, which would blossom within our stomachs and cause us to shake uncontrollably. Later, they brought us to a dark building, reminiscent of the old monastery outbuildings that we visited in wutaishan --- candlelit, dark low rafters. what they had us do there I fail to remember

dream three nights ago -- we were out searching for masks to shield us from the virus. we started in the basement of a school building, except it looked almost exactly like the interior of a luxury shopping mall, brightly lit, marble floors in odd organic shapes with holes for escalators, lined with shops. there were no masks there. we walked the halls until we emerged in the small dark alleyway loading area of a skyscraper. a child, starved, with desperate eyes, emerged from the shadows. we knew he hadn't eaten in days, was perhaps abused, and that his image would haunt us forever but we were not to help him now. so we walked until we reached a suburban area. it was night and the moon was shining. we planned to steal the masks from a specific back yard -- but to get there we had to climb a particular road that required ropes. so here we were, hanging nearly parallel to the ground on a sheer asphalt face